Home Page Issues


1. Please check the phone icon and drop-down icon and their position with the design. Also, please reduce the phone button
   and the logo size to reduce the height of the header a bit smaller. : Done


2. Please reduce the spacing from this section and make the text properly centred.  : Done


3. Please make a sticky header smaller in height. : Done


4. Please check this with the design. : Done


5. Please put the correct link for these two. : Done


6. Please check the spacing below the heading and above the button on this section with the design. : Done


7. Footer - please check the alignment issue and increase some more gap between two columns. Also, please make copyright
   centred and check the position of copyright icon as well. : Done


8. iPad view - Please check the sidebar and fix the issue. : Done


9. iPad view - please check the banner height and the image is not visible properly. : Done


10. iPad view - footer - please reduce space above the logo and increase the space below the logo and fix alignment issue
    and make copyright centred. : Done


11. Mobile view - Footer - please fix the footer design. : Done


12. Mobile device - both views - Please reduce extra white spacing from here. : Done


13. Mobile device - both views - Please reduce some spacing from here. : Done


14. Mobile device - the banner height is much and the image is not visible properly. : Done
    Also, I don’t see a sticky header on the portrait view.


15. Mobile device - Landscape View - please make the sticky header smaller. : Done


16. Mobile device - landscape view - Please make these two services two in a row on Our services section. : Done


17. Mobile device - landscape view - Please make two columns there. : Done


18. Testimonial section - please check the star's icons position with the design. : not done






About Page Issues

1. Please check the header here, doesn’t match with home page and design. : Done


2. Please check this section with the design like the content and the button like phone icon and the button size. : Done


3. Our services section - please put the correct links here. : Done


4. Please check this section with the design where the content doesn’t match, also, the button size needs to be smaller a
   bit. : Done


5. Footer - Here I can see 3 social icons and the home page footer icon is showing only one icon. Also, please put the
   correct icon for these social icons and reduce the gap between the phone button and the icons. : Done


6. iPad device - Please reduce extra white spacing throughout the page. : Done


7. iPad device - Our services section - Pease reduces the space from top and bottom of the section and add some more space
   below the view all button here. : Done


8. iPad device - please make the text and the button centered here. : left aligned > centered not looking good


9. Mobile view - both views -  The banner height is much as per the title and the image is not visible properly. Also, 
   reduce the extra white spacing throughout the page. : Done


10. Mobile - landscape view - please make these services two in a row. : Done




Services Page Issues


1. Please check this section like data, spacing, button text in caps and the link over the button here. : Done


2. Mobile device - please check the banner height and the title size. Also, please reduce the extra spacing throughout the  
   page. : Done


3. Mobile Device - Please increase the title font size a bit here. And reduce extra spacing wherever needed.
   Landscape view - extra space needs to ve reduced : Done > font cant be increased its the same as desktop.


4. iPad view - Please make the sticky header smaller and reduce extra spacing throughout the page. : Done






Services Inner Page


1. Please check the banner image and the title over the banner not looking good. : Done


2. Mobile view - Please check the banner height and the title font size. Also, please use the same position for the title
   over the banner. : Done


3. iPad view - Please check the banner should be visible properly and the title position on it. : Done









Gallery Page Issues

1. Please check the spacing here with the design. : Done


2. Please check the spacing above the button with the design and buttons are not matching with the design like phone 
   icon, button size. : Done


3. Mobile device - the banner image is not visible properly, also, the title size over the banner not looking good or we
   can reduce the height of the banner here. Also, please make the sticky header height smaller. : Done


4. Please reduce the spacing and the button should be matched with the design. : Done


5. Mobile device - Please reduce extra white spacing throughout the page. : Done


6. iPad view - please reduce the extra white spacing throughout the page. : Done





Contact Page Issues

1. Please remove the colon from these fields as these are not mentioned in the design. Just put a dot for the number 
   as you can see in the design. : Done


2. Mobile device - Please check the banner image is not visible properly. Also, the banner height is much 
   as per the title size. : Done


3. iPad view - please increase some space here. : Done


4. Mobile device - please increase some more space below the submit button and space should even for 
   phone, email, and hours. : Done












New Issues


Gallery Page

1. Please check the header on the iPad both views, it’s broken. Also, please make the title font size smaller a bit here
   See here - https://prnt.sc/thywv : Done


Services Page

2. Mobile Device - Please increase the title font size a bit here. And reduce extra spacing wherever needed.
   See here - https://prnt.sc/tgtzfn : Done


3. Also, please check this section with the design once again - https://prnt.sc/thzwei : Done


4. This is not linked yet - https://prnt.sc/ti0pd6 : Done



Services Inner Page

5. https://prnt.sc/ti0t66 : Done